Usability Improvements for app role assignment - New-EntraServiceAppRoleAssignment (#962)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/New-EntraServiceAppRoleAssignment.md

This example demonstrates how to assign an app role to another service principal in Microsoft Entra ID.

- `ObjectId`:  The ObjectId of the client service principal to which you're assigning the app role.

> - `ResourceId`: The `Id` of the resource servicePrincipal (the API) that defines the app role (the application permission).

Reviewer: In this example, the client and resource service principals are the same thing. Is that how we want to bring it out. The ideal scenario would be the client and resource service principals refer to different objects.

Reviewer: The test works but is the example to assign app roles from a service principal to itself? Thats my question.

This example demonstrates how to assign an app role to a user in Microsoft Entra ID.

- `ObjectId`:  The ObjectId of the app's service principal.
- `ResourceId`: The `Id` of the resource servicePrincipal (the API) that defines the app role (the application permission).
- `Id`: The `Id` of the app role (defined on the resource service principal) to assign to the client service principal. If no app roles are defined on the resource app, you can use `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000`.

> - `PrincipalId`: The `Id` of the client service principal to which you're assigning the app role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PrincipalId`: The `Id` of the user to which you're assigning the app role.
```

    ResourceId  = $servicePrincipalObject.ObjectId
    Id          = $servicePrincipalObject.AppRoles[1].id
    PrincipalId = $group.ObjectId
}

New-EntraServiceAppRoleAssignment @params
```

```Output
DeletedDateTime Id                                          AppRoleId                            CreatedDateTime       PrincipalDisplayName PrincipalId
--------------- --                                          ---------                            ---------------       -------------------- -----------
                2bbbbbb2-3cc3-4dd4-5ee5-6ffffffffff6 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 3/12/2024 10:59:38 AM contosohrgroup          aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-1111-222222222222
```

This example demonstrates how to assign an app role to a group in Microsoft Entra ID.

- `ObjectId`:  The ObjectId of the app's service principal.
- `ResourceId`: The `Id` of the resource servicePrincipal (the API) that defines the app role (the application permission).
- `Id`: The `Id` of the app role (defined on the resource service principal) to assign to the client service principal. If no app roles are defined on the resource app, you can use `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000`.

> - `PrincipalId`: The `Id` of the client service principal to which you're assigning the app role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PrincipalId`: The `Id` of the group to which you're assigning the app role.
```

```

This example shows how to assign application permission to a service principal to support your automation scenarios.

### Example 5: Assign multiple permissions to a service principal

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'AppRoleAssignment.ReadWrite.All'

$GetPermissions = 'Application.Read.All', 'User.Read.All'
# Get service principal
$ServicePrincipal = Get-EntraServicePrincipal -Filter "DisplayName eq 'My Service Principal'"

# Get Graph App Id
$GraphAppFilterParams = @{
    Filter = "AppId eq '00000003-0000-0000-c000-000000000000'"
}
$GraphApp = (Get-EntraServicePrincipal @GraphAppFilterParams)

# Get App Roles
$GraphAppRoles = $GraphApp.AppRoles | Where-Object { $_.Value -in $GetPermissions }

# Assign the permission to App
foreach ($AppRole in $GraphAppRoles) {
    $Params = @{
        PrincipalId = $ServicePrincipal.Id
        ResourceId  = $GraphApp.Id
        Id          = $AppRole.Id
        ObjectId    = $ServicePrincipal.Id
    }
    
    New-EntraServiceAppRoleAssignment @Params
}
```

This example shows how to assign application permissions to a service principal to support your automation scenarios.

## Parameters

### -Id

> Specifies the `Id` of the app role (defined on the resource service principal) to assign to the client service principal.

Reviewer: Because the principal can be a user, group or service principal.
```suggestion
Specifies the `Id` of the app role (defined on the resource service principal) to assign to the principal.
```

### -PrincipalId

> Specifies a principal ID, a client service principal to which you're assigning the app role.

Reviewer: Expand the principal meaning to add user and groups.
```suggestion
Specifies the unique identifier (id), for the user, security group, or service principal you're assigning the app role.
```
